Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Two little girls Went out one night
They gave everyone
The most terrible fright
Cara!
What happened next They'd rather not say
They closed their eyes and wished it away
Booker. we need to erase the line.
Mummy?
I love you.
They can't outrun it It haunts them still
Separate but inseparable
She came from nowhere.
She came from somewhere. Robyn.
and now she's dead.
We'll... We'll just... We'll. you know...
We'll just... We'll just have to move her.
- Move her?
- Yeah. You know. like cover her up.
- Hide her.
- Stop it.
- Okay. Come on. Help me.
- No.
Help me. Fuck.
I was driving. I was driving.
I'd been drinking.
- Robyn.
- What?
Look.
No.
It can't.
It can't be Greta.
If I go to prison.
promise me you'll take care of my kids.
- What? You're not going to prison.
- I just killed someone.
Well. Jim's a great dad.
If I get put away. he will fall to pieces.
I think he's stronger
than you give him credit for.
- Do you not wanna take care of my kids?
- It's not that.
What's wrong with my kids?
My kids are fucking delightful.
- I just think you shouldn't catastrophize.
- I am not catastrophizing.
The situation is catastrophic.
- You can't catastrophize a catastrophe.
- Well. everyone already thinks she's dead.
- What?
- You don't go to prison for a dead person.
There's a body. though.
Oh God. Robyn. we're fucked!
Robyn. she said I like chaos.
She's right. I do.
And you were 16 years old.
You thought you were helping a friend.
This is Greta's mess.
and you've just got caught up in it.
I wanted caught up in it.
Why's that?
When I was a young girl.
all I thought about was the future.
What I'd do. who I'd be with.
the excitement
of everything that lay in front of me.
But now I'm there. I'm in the future.
This is it.
Clinging on in the second act.
I keep thinking if this was a script
and I was a character. it wouldn't work.
I wouldn't work.
I don't know what I want.
or what I believe in.
I don't even know
if I'm the hero or the fucking villain.
Should I not know these things by now?
I don't know who I am. Liam.
And when I look back at that person I was...
at that young girl. at that funny.
fearless. ambitious young girl. I...
I wonder what she'd make of me now.
And I worry that. uh...
That I've let her down.
I know who you are.
It's true.
I see you. Saoirse.
Night Swimming. beach walking
Always silent. never talking
Then you call my name
And I know inside I love you
Sail away. I miss you more
Until you see the shore
Shit. The cop. The cop's here.
What do you think's going on?
You think he's in there. questioning her?
Like. interrogating her?
Probably.
I wouldn't want to be
Anywhere else but here
- I don't want him to see us.
- I don't either.
What do we do?
Rap the door.
and then when she answers. we grab her.
Okay. What if he answers it?
Shit. This is why I wanted us
to have a secret knock.
God. Please. no. Not the secret knock.
But you're all.
"When are we gonna use a secret knock?"
- I can't get into this.
- Look at us now.
If he answers it. we'll just leg it. okay?
I mean.
it's nowhere near as good as a secret--
- Do not say "secret knock."
- Fine.
Don't want to be anywhere else
- Anywhere else but here...
- Hello?
Don't worry. Don't worry.
I'll go. I'll go.
Hello?
Look.
You're pissed off. I get it.
But I think we should just sleep on it.
We know he's in there.
The guard man. The man boy.
- The Liam cop. The cop man. Liam.
- You have to get rid of him.
I... I think we should talk to him.
- Talk to him. Talk to him.
- Talk to him. she says.
Yeah. Maybe not right now. though.
'cause you're both being kind of mental.
We have good reason to be kind of mental.
Oh my God. Did you have sex with him?
No.
Is that his shirt?
Okay. maybe I had sex with him a bit.
- Jesus Christ. Saoirse.
- Is that good or bad?
Well. it was good. But I'm engaged
to someone else. so also bad--
For us. I mean.
Okay. I'm confused.
- There's been a development.
- What sort of a development?
It's Greta.
Go. Quick. quick. quick!
Oh. you've got to be fucking joking.
Saoirse. wait!
What is this?
I'm sorry.
I'll kill her!
You've killed enough people.
There'll be no more killing of the people.
Thank you. please.
I'm so sorry.
Go. go. go!
- Why are you carrying a knife?
- It's a fountain pen.
Who uses a fountain pen?
You can never just fall for a normal one.
Where?
We dragged her over there.
This might be funny
if it wasn't so messed up.
The three of us trying
to prove she's still alive. I mean.
Look where our stupid
little investigation led us.
- We're the reason she's--
- Gone.
What?
She's gone.
A puncture repair kit?
Yes.
What have you punctured?
- My tire.
- Why would you have done that?
I didn't.
Well. then why would you need it repaired?
Okay. er. do you have one or not?
I've got a bottle opener.
What Rossa's asked us to do.
it just feels extreme. babes.
Doesn't matter what it feels like.
Killing a client. though? It's fucked up.
She's not a client anymore.
It just all feels a bit shit. you know?
It's not like
when you dealt with that fella.
the one that went all "Tubular Bells"
on his poor wee girlfriend.
- He had it coming.
- He spoke to me.
What?
Standing there. with a bullet in his head.
talking to me.
Only for a second or two.
What did he say?
- Something about flowers.
- Flowers?
Roses. He was trying
to tell me something about roses.
Maybe he wanted to buy her roses.
The girl.
One last messed-up romantic gesture.
Men like that.
they always think they're Prince Charming.
They never realize
they're the big bad wolf.
And this is what I'm saying.
You wouldn't lose any sleep
over a prick like that. but--
You can't leave the process.
The order's been given.
Rossa isn't fucking about. is she?
I mean. poor wee Greta Gráinne
was one thing.
but to wipe out her entire family...
It's quite the body count. babes.
There's three others. you said?
Old friends?
- What's their craic?
- I'm not sure.
You know. when I first joined the society.
I was told that people like us
are just wired differently.
That's why we can do what we do.
And ordinary people. they can sense it.
And that's why
they usually don't get in our way.
But not these three.
Maybe they like the excitement.
The disruption.
Maybe they want to be punished.
Maybe they're searching for something.
Truth. Or meaning.
Or maybe
they're just wired differently too.
And now.
their wee adventure must come to an end.
Run. rabbit. run.
What now?
He doesn't know where exactly.
but Liam knows Charles is buried
somewhere on the school grounds.
Thanks to you.
Oh. yeah. let's go over that again.
That's useful.
- Surely he'll keep quiet.
- Why would he?
Because you slept with him.
I didn't... Oh my God. I didn't sleep
with him to. like. silence him.
You had sex with him
and think he still might turn you in?
- Jesus Christ. how shite are your moves?
- Okay. that's...
That's... This has
nothing to do with my moves.
- My moves are--
- Can we not talk about your moves?
- He has principles.
- Does he?
What did he do with them. riding you?
Pop them on the nightstand?
Girls. please.
We can't go back.
Not now.
There's two ways this thing ends.
With answers or without them.
I know which I'd prefer.
What about you?
She's the only one who can end this story.
and she's out there somewhere.
She has to be.
And we need to find her.
Shit.
- Can I have a double cone?
- A double cone?
Strawberry and chocolate. please.
Ah. go on. then.
I bring her here every Friday.
It's her wee treat if she's good.
I'm always good.
Sprinkles as well. please.
Rainbow sprinkles.
Greta's family live together.
so it probably makes sense to start there.
You'd have to
get them all in the same room.
That won't be a problem.
You pull the blinds.
You pull the curtains.
You seal the door from the outside.
You leave a small gap
for the substance to be piped through.
Is this that toxin they're using now?
One of the girls at the meeting. Harkin.
You know Harkin? She told me all about it.
And in a few minutes. it'll be all over.
She's lost
a powerful amount of weight. you know.
You have to leave the door sealed
for a few hours. to be safe.
Ozempic. maybe.
Otherwise. you might take yourself out.
Once you unseal the door.
you screw with an appliance.
A boiler. A gas cooker.
You'll make it look like an accident.
There's milk in this.
Did you not want milk?
- Do you trust her?
- I dunno.
But we need her.
Aye.
Some folks say I'm not much good
You know they might be right
But I don't care what the people say
I live the way I like
Don't worry 'bout...
Please. Owen.
I'm getting my daughter out of here.
This whole thing's
turned into a fucking shit show.
- Listen to me.
- I did listen to you.
I did. We all did.
Look where that's got us.
You can't run.
Yeah. yeah. Leaving is not an option.
Booker was very clear about that.
But now Greta has.
And she's contacted Maria.
- It's not safe.
- Exactly.
Greta isn't a victim anymore.
Not as far as they're concerned.
She's a threat. They take that seriously.
If they want to find us. they will.
Now. I'm not saying you shouldn't run.
I'm saying you can't.
I'll talk to her.
- Can I help you?
- Do you have a restroom I could use?
Can I help you?
That's all.
Thanks. Mm.
It wasn't your fault. Greta.
We know that.
And we won't tell anyone.
What is this?
We're all finding it so...
difficult.
We want to forget it. the whole thing.
We want to just forget it happened.
- You think I don't want that?
- It's just. you knew him.
You had a relationship with him.
Our only connection to him is...
Me.
It's just.
we're finding it really difficult.
Yeah. you said that.
We can still. like. say hello. you know.
In the corridor. In class.
How generous.
Look. we're sorry.
- Are you?
- You killed him.
- Robyn.
- No. I'm sick of dancing around it.
We don't blame you. Greta.
It's just. we can't continue like this.
We can't.
Goodbye. Greta.
Wait.
To keep you going.
Thank you.
I'll take you home again. Kathleen
Across the ocean wild and wide
To where your heart has ever been
Since first you were
My bonny bride
You again?
I don't know
what she was thinking. Booker.
Which is ironic.
I've dedicated
a lot of time to that cause.
- Cause?
- Trying to work Greta out.
I was obsessed with it.
Do you regret it?
Some of it.
But I believed in it.
I mean. can you imagine?
If we could
separate ourselves from our trauma.
Completely. totally.
Not learn how to manage it.
not numb it. but to leave it behind.
So it becomes faint and weak
like a dream you once had.
or a story you were once told.
To be reborn. To become someone else.
To be reincarnated
while you're still alive.
It would certainly make my job easier.
People can't let go of the past.
Whatever happened to that little girl
you brought to see me all those years ago?
Her parents had been killed.
She's doing well.
Took me a long time
to get her to speak. I remember.
Well. she's no trouble
with that these days.
She works with me now. actually.
She'll be helping on this.
So there's a plan?
There's a plan. Don't worry.
But we have to be careful.
Discreet.
Gather the others in here. and I'll come
back and explain everything.
Right. let's go through what we know.
Heaven's Veil. 1997.
There's a fire in a church.
Eight children die.
There's something weird about this fire.
Something that spooks the whole community.
There's a mass exodus.
You don't really believe
this is something supernatural?
This is a ghost story?
Every story's a ghost story.
We're all haunted.
We know better than anyone.
- Oh. fantastic.
- What?
Jim's phone's died.
How the fuck are we
supposed to find this nursing home?
Think we could ask Tommy for a charger?
No.
But two children survived that fire.
- Two little girls.
- Greta and Jodie.
Whatever happened that night. they saw it.
And it was fucking terrifying.
The big bad.
That's what I don't get.
Isn't that what The Doll Complex is about?
Margo Heaney's writing
about the work she did
to help her move on from the big bad.
Transform her into someone else.
Why would she go back there?
She's been running from this thing.
this place her whole life.
Maybe that's the point.
Maybe she knows she can't outrun it.
That it's gonna. you know.
catch up with her eventually.
We need to get to the end of this story.
Maybe she needs
to go back to the beginning.
- Where are you headed?
- Cork.
Jump in.
Back to where it all started.
Rebel County. eh?
That's right.
Well. I can take you part of the way.
That's great. Thanks.
What's your name?
Gráinne.
- What's yours?
- Conrad.
You shouldn't get into cars
with strange men. you know.
You're a strange man. are you. Conrad?
I'm serious.
You get in the car with the wrong person.
and it could be dangerous.
I could be dangerous.
What takes you to Cork?
I'm from there.
Is that right?
Well. not Cork. exactly. Beyond Cork.
Beyond Cork. Oh.
Where only the bravest men do venture.
- Or women.
- Or women. yeah.
It's just a tiny little village.
Nothing special.
Actually. that's not true.
The place I'm from.
they say it's a thin place.
A thin place?
It's a place between two worlds.
Where the walls between heaven
and earth... are weak.
The veil of reality
is at its most fragile.
At any moment.
God might choose to lift it up
and show us what lies behind it.
Did he ever show you?
No.
No matter how much I begged him to.
Why have we stopped?
Look at you. You're shivering.
What?
One second.
Now. put this on.
- They shouldn't be too long.
- Who?
What's going on?
Speak of the devil.
We're bound to catch up. She's on foot.
And I hit her with the car.
That's bound to take
the wind out of her sails a bit.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to sound quite so delighted there.
I'm just thinking of the other issue.
What other issue?
Look. Liam.
if they know where he's buried.
if they know where my dad's body is.
they must've known this whole time.
I just don't understand
why they'd suddenly tell us now.
Like... Like... Like. what... what's changed?
I have.
I can't believe you didn't take
the fucking evidence board down.
Didn't have time. Didn't know
you were gonna knock someone down.
We didn't knock someone down.
Well. we did a bit. But she got up again.
- And it wasn't someone. It was Greta.
- What's your point?
- I don't know.
- Liam has it all.
Every single thing we know.
- Oh. he's gonna be pissed off.
- I realize that.
I mean. slashing his tire.
leaving him stranded was bad enough.
- Right.
- But to do it after you made love to him.
Don't say "made love." Dara. It turns me.
Though she's not wrong.
I mean. did you really have
to do a ride and run?
It's done now. Okay?
He's gonna realize where we're heading.
and he's gonna follow us.
The clock is ticking. girls.
There's no time to lose. Let's go.
- Why are we going so slowly?
- I'm not doing it. The car is.
- What do you mean. the car is?
- The car is doing it.
The car doesn't have a mind of its own.
This isn't
Chitty Chitty fucking Bang Bang.
You pull the blinds.
You seal the door from the outside.
You leave a small gap
for the substance to be piped through.
Welcome to Knockdara.
Sorry about the cone situation.
No sweat. babes.
I must order some more.
My granddad used to
get me one of these every Friday.
Strawberry and chocolate. My wee treat.
Is that right?
If I was good.
I was always good.
I had him wrapped
round my wee finger. so I did.
Are you staying in the village?
No.
Flying visit. babes.
Have you any... sprinkles?
- I like rainbow sprinkles.
- Let's go.
Never mind.
In a few minutes...
it'll be all over.
- It's done?
- It's done.
- What next?
- We find Greta.
- What about the others?
- They're looking for her too.
We find her. we find them.
Good thinking. babes.
Why is nothing working?
- Honest to Christ. Dara.
- How is it my fault?
- Never been the same since you filled it.
- Are you serious?
We've been in two crashes.
you ran someone over.
- But. yeah. it's the petrol.
- Jesus Christ.
I know. She's unbelievable.
No. No. no.
Jesus Christ.
Oh. what the fuck does he want?
- It's the Cursillo walkers.
- What?
Hail Mary. full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women.
and blessed is the fruit
of thy womb. Jesus.
They're headed to Knock.
- By foot?
- Why?
Hail Mary. full of grace.
the Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women
and blessed is the fruit of...
They say miracles happen there.
Well. we could be doing
with one of those right now.
Hail Mary. full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women.
And blessed is...
What's happened here is
the vehicle has gone into
what's called limp home mode.
- Do you know what that means. girls?
- We don't.
Sure. why would you? But then
the very same thing happened to me.
Hey. keep a firm hold on him there. lads.
We don't want him
freewheeling down that hill.
He's done it before.
and he can gather some speed. I tell you.
What's happened is the system
has detected a fault in the car. maybe...
You put petrol in a diesel engine?
- Exactly. or...
- You knock someone down.
You get the idea.
And it activates
this sort of security feature type thing.
and doesn't it only start
shutting down bits of the car
to protect itself from further damage.
It's... It's fierce clever.
- What are we gonna do?
- Where is it you're headed?
We're going to this little village
called Caille Neamh.
There's a nursing home there.
or just outside it. Knockshee.
Sure we passed it. Some place. that.
Brendan thought
it might've been Bono's house.
It wasn't Bono's house. Brendan.
It was a nursing home.
How far away is it?
A few miles. maybe.
Have you packed your hiking boots?
- We're in a bit of a hurry.
- None of you lads have a car?
We're the Cursillo walkers. girls.
not the Cursillo drivers.
Although...
Oh yeah.
There'd be the odd critter.
and they're determined to do the walk.
but the aul knee
might be giving them a bit of gyp.
or their back'll be playing up on them.
And the idea just came to me.
Merciful Jesus!
We need something
that'll give them a bit of respite.
but allows them
to stay with the main group.
If they want to have
a bit of a prayer or whatever.
I feel like we should pray.
Ah. Right so.
Hail Mary. full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women.
and blessed is the fruit
of thy womb. Jesus.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour of our death. Amen.
Hail Mary. full of grace.
the Lord is with thee...
If it's been a while
since you've seen her. just be prepared.
She might look a bit different.
I'll bear that in mind.
But she's still your mam.
It's lovely. really.
The whole cycle of things.
You get to mind her now.
just like she once minded you.
Yeah.
Surprised to see me?
You were rotten inside.
What a place. eh?
Margo's money went a long way.
The irony of that.
You realizing I wasn't actually worthless.
I have a daughter myself now.
She's nothing like me. though.
She's perfect.
But. um...
I can't be with her anymore.
Because. well.
a shadow follows me around.
And I want her to walk in the light.
But it's hard.
You know. it must have been difficult
for you too.
To let me go. I mean.
Not because you actually cared.
Because you liked it.
The control.
Deciding whether
I could eat or sleep or wash.
Giving that up must have been difficult.
Made you powerful.
I was completely at your mercy.
You were a cruel. vengeful God.
Who are you?
- What's that?
- Who are you?
Who am I?
Sorry to interrupt.
- Won't be a sec.
- Who is she?
- This is your daughter. Mrs. O'Hara.
- No!
Nora? Stand back. love.
Just stop it! Just calm down!
You're hurting me. Stop.
Ow!
Get out!
Get out! Leave!
- You need a basket?
- Oh yeah.
- Do you have one?
- No.
He's some craic.
Oh. he's a scream.
You really think
that's where she's headed?
She ran before. at the beginning.
She ran away from me.
I thought it was just instinct or fear.
Adrenaline. But she just wasn't ready.
She had unfinished business.
There we are. now.
Great to meet you. girls.
Yeah.
- Thanks. Murray.
- Good luck.
And God bless. now.
A much better night last night.
Yes. of course. I'll just look for you.
Welcome. How can I help you?
We're friends of Nora O'Hara's daughter.
Oh. you came.
- Is she here?
- She was.
And she was looking for us?
No.
But I am.
I think we should have a chat. Don't you?
Can you give us a minute?
I wouldn't go far. ladies.
I feel awful. I do.
And I feel stupid. Saoirse.
- You shouldn't.
- No?
I'm sorry.
She was here. She was just here.
We were so bloody close. Dara.
I can't bear it.
- How's Mrs. O'Hara now?
- We had to sedate her.
So distressing for the daughter.
No wonder she had to leave.
Let's get you a cup of tea.
I need to update her notes.
I've left them in her room.
I'll go. She's 121. right?
I just need to find her.
I need to know.
Then whatever has to happen can happen.
I will face up to every single mistake.
Every fuckup. I'll be accountable.
I will tell you whatever
it is you want to know. I just...
What?
I need to get to the end of the story.
What are we hoping to achieve. exactly?
I'm not sure.
Do you think the vibe's weird in here?
We've broken into the room
of an unconscious pensioner.
I'd say the vibe is weird. Robyn. yes.
Jesus.
So she knew about it. then?
And read it.
Lies.
Lies. All of it.
Come closer.
You can't believe a word of it.
- It is a work of fiction.
- Mm.
We know that Margo Heaney wrote this book.
What could she possibly gain by lying?
She wasn't lying.
She was lied to.
- By Greta?
- Is that what she calls herself now?
- You know about the fire.
- The big bad.
She did it.
She did it on purpose.
She locked those children in there.
She set it alight.
She watched it burn.
She watched them die.
The other little one helped her.
but she was stupid and sad
and easily manipulated.
- That can't be true.
- It was covered up.
Sure isn't that
how we like to do things here?
Then the stories started.
People said something supernatural
happened that night.
Sometimes a myth gets closer to the truth.
There was something
unnatural about that girl.
Always.
Something rotten.
And it infects everything she touches.
She frightened me.
She frightens me still.
You should be afraid too.
Oh. I am afraid.
I'm terrified.
Not by what you said or what I heard. but...
by what I saw.
I saw the light in your eyes.
The adrenaline running through you.
You enjoyed that.
You enjoyed saying those things.
I see what you are.
And you must have been
a force to be reckoned with in your prime.
What fucking chance did she have?
That fire wasn't the big bad.
You were.
Listen.
Liam says he'll help us track Greta down.
Then he's gonna immediately arrest us.
Probably.
What is it?
We just spoke to Greta's mum.
I think we always knew it.
I think we sensed it
even before Charles Sampson.
that there was something very...
very dark and damaged and sad about her.
We didn't ask.
'Cause we didn't wanna know. Not really.
Just wanted to distance ourselves from it.
At least. I know I did.
You think she could've started that fire?
Wouldn't be the first time
a child did a fucked-up thing
because fucked-up things happened to them.
If she's facing her demons.
she might've gone back to the place
she's been avoiding for almost 30 years.
The church.
That's right. We find the church.
Or what's left of it.
So. come on. show me
Just where you were tonight
As I call out
To you now
So. come on. tell me
Will you break all you can find
Or do you need me
To show you how?
I kept my side of the bargain.
Now it's your turn.
What... What bargain?
I told him if he let us come here...
Where'd you bury the body?
Where's Charles Sampson?
There was a funeral that day.
- One of the teachers.
- The priest.
You... buried him with the priest.
We didn't know what else to do. and
we were so scared.
You're leaving?
You know. this story might not end
the way you want it to. Saoirse.
Hey. Liam. Any news?
So this is Heaven's Veil.
What the hell is that?
I have no idea.
Oh my God.
Separate but inseparable. just like us.
Greta?
Greta.
Greta. it's us.
We wanted to...
Needed to find you.
We'd come here all the time. Jodie and I.
Back when she was Cara and I was Aisling.
Two little broken dolls.
What happened here. Greta?
What happened the night of the fire?
We were told
that this was a magical place.
A sacred place.
We were told that God himself comes here.
We believed that he would save us.
We needed saved.
Night after night.
we waited. and he didn't come.
We were fucking angry.
So we decided to burn his house down.
- We must go back.
- We can't.
We must.
Cara!
The bikes. We saw them too late.
We didn't know they were in there.
We didn't know.
That's what Charles Sampson
wanted to talk to you about.
He found us.
Fuck. I wish he hadn't.
And what about Jodie?
It was an accident.
I swear to yous. it was.
I truly thought
that I could become someone else.
I thought I could leave
that messed-up little girl behind. and...
she'd always find me.
She'd just tap me on the shoulder
and drag me back here.
Well. maybe that little girl
needs you to look at her.
Tell her it's okay.
Oh God.
If it has to happen.
I thought it might as well happen here.
You should leave.
We're not going anywhere.
She's dangerous.
We know.
Our Father who art in heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done.
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread
and forgive us our trespasses.
as we forgive those--
Shut the fuck up.
I don't understand.
You don't need to.
Take care. babes.
- Mummy!
- Oh my God.
I'm sorry.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Is she letting them go?
She must be.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
- Oh...
- I love you.
I still can't believe it. Booker.
How the hell did you know?
That story the midwife told us
on the bridge.
That prick talking about roses.
Men like that don't get poetic
when they realize they're about to die.
They get angry.
He was trying to say "Rossa."
How could this be happening
when he's got the boss's blessing?
She betrayed her own clients for profit.
Led a violent man
straight to the woman
that she promised to protect.
She had it coming.
So did anybody that helped her.
What now. then. babes?
For us. I mean.
Because we're
at a bit of a loose end. aren't we?
Now that you've wiped out
the entire organization and stuff.
We could start over.
Do things our own way.
We'd need soldiers.
That's true.
Those that are wired differently too.
We'll sort the deets out later. babes.
I'm ravenous. Let's grab a burger!
I should probably say goodbye this time.
Bye. Greta.
Time can't keep up with us now
- 'Cause we have moved far beyond time...
- Maybe God listened. after all.
Now that you're all mine
Don't say it's easy
When it's not
Feeling like you’re barely arriving
And you can't tell the sea
From the horizon
The only love you understand
Is poison
And even if after all this time
Just noises
You're buried under the love
That you had lost to the ages
And this is all that your rage is
Would it be possible
to get a wee bit more milk?
Never worry.
Do you think she'll be okay?
Greta?
- I hope so.
- I'm just glad it's all over.
Yeah.
I mean. what a relief.
Totally.
Although...
I'm... I'm not saying I enjoyed any of it.
You know. like at all.
- Oh. God. no.
- Absolutely not.
But. yeah.
It did sort of shake us up a bit.
I dunno why you brought that with you.
Greta forgot it.
I didn't wanna leave it there.
It didn't feel right.
What's in it?
Holy shit!
I wanna make one thing clear.
We are not. under any circumstances.
getting involved in this.
Don't pick up strangers on the road
As a young boy. I was told
But I could never ever listen
I was en route to Monterey
She was headin' the same way
All aboard my Silverado
She's a California poppy of the PCH
Bloomin' on the roadside
Hitchin' and a-thumbin'
And a-bummin' a ride
In a golden ray of sunshine
Yeah. the California poppy of the PCH
Bloomin' on the roadside
Hitchin'. thumbin'
And a-bummin' a ride
In a golden ray of sunshine
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-